evil animal
Father
Grandpa you
Hey you today
Shouldn't you be greedy for all your efforts?
The ambition of today's empress is clear to me
So you can't rush it.
Modesty moves the whole body
There will be disaster
Although know
But risk comes with savings
If this progress is successful
Move to Longjing King
That means the world can wait
Now that you have a way
The old man is waiting to see your methods
But today I came here to say something to you
Call the rabbit dead dog to cook
Today's greedy advice Chang Wang
But there are a lot of people waiting to see the joke
Today, if your plan has been successful
work height array weight
If not
Your brother will also protect you
Because he needs your talent
When one day your brother doesn't need you anymore
That's when my big money really became powerful
And this greed
It will become your way of death
Did grandpa ever think about it?
If your grandson is not greedy or lustful
A person who has no weakness and is poisonous to his own animals
How could the empress give up?
How can you delegate power?
This is corrupt and lecherous
It's all released by you
Also, the tea box.
It's also you who took the initiative to let the empress know
Hello, used by him
Hey, this corruption and lust is indeed the nature of my grandson
But it's not worth it for the empress to see
Grandpa don't worry
Grandchildren are cautious by nature
Before I'm sure
Grandchildren will be half wrong and half right
Do you have a way to get the best of both worlds?
The second way of 12 has the best of both worlds
Just a little bold
Afraid of scaring grandpa, you say
That is to take the empress
Conquer the Empress
As long as the empress returns to her heart
Then you don't have to worry about the rabbit and the dog dying.
Even the emperor of Great Qin
The future may not be able to be surnamed Gao
Sun Er has a third way
It's not just audacious.
And it works.
To tell the truth, grandpa
Sun Er as a strategist
In terms of demagogy
Night cat game
Damn, don't you know that partitions have ears?
Don't you dare talk nonsense again
Do you believe I'll break your legs?
Okay, today's training sister
Now that you know, your father and I will leave first
You should be ashamed of that.